A family of eagles has one mother eagle, n baby eagles, and m feeding pots initially empty, where 0 < m <= n. Each baby eagle must eat using a feeding pot and each feeding pot can only serve one baby eagle at any time. Therefore, no more than m baby eagles can eat at the same time. The mother eagle eats elsewhere and does not require a feeding pot. All feeding pots are assumed to be empty at the very beginning and the mother eagle is sleeping.
Each baby eagle plays for a while and eats. Before a baby eagle can eat, he must wait until a feeding pot has food. After eating, the corresponding feeding pot becomes empty and has to be refilled by the mother eagle.
The mother eagle is very tired and needs sleep. So, she goes to sleep until a baby eagle wakes her up. Should this happen, the mother eagle hunts for food and fill all feeding pots. Then, she sleeps again. It is possible that when a baby eagle wants to eat and finds out that all feeding pots are empty. This baby eagle should wake up the mother eagle. As mentioned earlier, the mother eagle takes some time to hunt for food and fill all feeding pots. Once all feeding pots are filled, no more than m waiting hungry baby eagles can eat. Since the mother eagle does not want to wake up too often, she insists that exactly one baby eagle who found out all feeding pots being empty can wake her up. More precisely, even though two or more hungry baby eagles may find out all feeding pots being empty, only one of them can wake her up and all the others just wait until food will become available.
Note that a baby eagle should not wake up the mother if some baby eagles are eating and the remaining pots are empty.
After providing the t-th meal, the mother eagle retires and sends all of her baby eagles away to start an independent life. Perhaps, she needs a vacation, and, therefore, the feeding game ends!